dateLastUpdate;2020-04-11
table;covid19_symptoms;rows;17
Mild;Headache;0;
Mild;Sore throat;0;
Mild;Fatigue;0;
Mild;Fever;0;
Mild;Cough;0;
Mild;Sneezing;0;
Mild;Difficulty breathing;0;
Mild;Diarrhea;0;
Mild;Loss of smell;0;
Mild;Loss of taste;0;
Severe;Severe difficulty breathing;0;
Severe;Severe chest pain;0;
Severe;Having hard time waking up;0;
Severe;Feeling confused;0;
Severe;Losing consciousness;0;
Severe;Fever;0;
Severe;Persisten cough;0;
table;covid19_whattodo;rows;18
Self-isolate for 14 days or the number of days defined by the local or federal authorities;Do;;0
Cover your mouth and nose;Do;;0
When coughing do so at the bend of the elbow;Do;;0
Drink hot water constantly;Do;;0
Drink hot beverages all the time such as oregano tea, lemon tea;Do;;0
Just take paracetamol;Do;;0
Check your temperature systematically;Do;;0
Make chicken or bone soup. Prepare it over very low heat, to ensure that the bones release all the enzyme L-Lysine (Antiviral amino acid). Take it hot;Do;;0
Check your symptoms frequently;Do;;0
Gargle with salty water frequently;Do;;0
Take steam inhalations, that will not help;DoNot;;0
Enter your home without removing your shoes, washing your hands, changing clothes;DoNot;;0
Cut a clove of garlic and put it in a container and drink as common water that will help strengthen your immune system;Do;;0
Cut a lemon into pieces and put it in a container and drink as common water;Do;;0
Use antibacterial gel (hand sanitizer) at more than 70% alcohol;Do;;0
Walk around the streets;DoNot;;0
Be without cover your mouth;DoNot;;0
Take or stop taking, if you need it, Ibuprofen, Aspirin, Advil or Voltaren without consulting your physician;DoNot;;0
table;covid19_facts;rows;24
Fact;You may be asymptomatic for up to 9 days or the entire period of illness
Fact;An asymptomatic healthy person walking down the street can leave between 3,000 and 4,000 points of infection!!!
Fact;Some very young, perfectly healthy suddenly get very sick and die from this disease (Several cases in France)
Fact;The virus is ten times higher in the elderly compared to the middle-aged.
Fact;Patients with cardiovascular disease were at the highest risk of death, followed by diabetes, chronic respiratory disease and hypertension.
Fact;Patients with obesity, heart disease, lung disease and smokers with a history of lung disease are heightened risk of developing complications related to the virus.
Fact;In the first days the virus is lodged in the throat (can be up to 7 days or more). This is the best time to fight it (See suggested actions). During these first days, up to 50% can give negative to the test. Only after 14 days 100% give a positive test.
Fact;In closed places with little air circulation, the microdroplets expelled by a virus carrier can remain for a period of time of 10 minutes or much more. That is why it is so important to go out as little as possible.
Myth;Steam inhalations can kill the virus
Fact;Taking steam inhalations to "kill" the virus is potentially risky. High-temperature steam-cleaning of surfaces in hospitals and elsewhere does destroy the coronavirus (as well as other types of viruses) says Prof Keith Neal, a specialist in the study of the spread of infectious diseases at the University of Nottingham. However, any attempt to inhale steam at this temperature, would be extremely dangerous and risk burns. Your body's cooling system would kick in to limit the rise in temperature, says Prof Neal, and your lungs would certainly be irreparably damaged before reaching a temperature high enough to deactivate the virus.
Myth;The new coronavirus can be transmitted through products manufactured in China.
Fact;Even though the virus can linger on surfaces for a few hours after contact, the WHO said it’s very unlikely it will persist on that surface after being moved, shipped, and exposed to different conditions and temperatures. For anyone concerned a surface has been contaminated, the health agency advises cleaning it with a disinfectant. If someone has already touched it before it’s been cleaned, they should immediately wash their hands with an alcohol-based hand rub or with soap and water.
Myth;Cold weather and snow can kill the new coronavirus.
Fact;The WHO said there’s no reason to believe that cold weather can kill the new coronavirus or other diseases, for that matter. The health agency said external temperatures or weather don’t change the human body’s normal temperature of around 36.5 to 37 C. In addition to this, the WHO said taking a hot bath will also not prevent infection for the same reason.
Myth;Pets can spread the new coronavirus.
Fact;According to the WHO, there is still no evidence to suggest that companion animals and pets, such as dogs or cats, can be infected by the virus. Despite this, people should always wash their hands with soap after touching any pets because they could spread other bacteria, such as E. coli and salmonella.
Myth;Eating garlic will prevent infection.
Fact;While it may have some antimicrobial properties, the WHO said there is no evidence from the current COVID-19 outbreak to suggest that eating garlic will protect people from the virus.
Myth;Younger people are not susceptible to COVID-19.
Fact;Older people and those with pre-existing medical conditions, such as asthma, diabetes, and heart disease, appear to be more vulnerable to illness caused by the new coronavirus, but the WHO said people of all ages can contract it. The health agency recommends that people of all ages take precautionary measures, such as washing their hands.
Myth;Heat can kill the virus.
Fact;The WHO advises that heat sources, such as hand dryers, are not effective at killing the virus. Further to that, ultraviolet (UV) lamps should also not be used to sterilize hands or other areas of the body.
Myth;Antibiotics can prevent and treat the new coronavirus.
Fact;According to the WHO, antibiotics do not work against viruses, such as COVID-19. They are only effective in working against bacteria and should not be used a means of prevention or treatment. However, someone who is treated in hospital for COVID-19 may be given antibiotics because “bacterial co-infection” is a possibility, the health agency said.
table;covid19_howtostop;rows;16
Keep the distance, minimum of 2 meters, 3 for more security.;0
Did you have to go out? Register your places and who you contacted.;0
Do you know someone who was in contact with a COVID19 + and was in contact less than 9 days ago? You may have been affected. Begin to watch your symptoms, look at the option How to Stop it.;0
If you had to go out of your home when you come back you should go inside without shoes, the virus may survive on your shoes;0
You were diagnosed as COVID19 +: notify all the people with whom you were in contact in the last 8-10 days. The sooner they start treating at home, the more likely they are to kill the virus before it reaches their lungs.;0
Are you a healthy person? You can be a hero if you are responsible and you are taking the measures or a villain if you are irresponsible and you have not taken precautions !! If you contract the virus and have no symptoms, you can pass it to several people that belong to the risk group (Grandpas, brothers, fathers, friends,... ).;0
DO NOT kiss or touch children when you were outside without, wash your hands, changing clothes and take a bath !!;0
Gloves are good if you use them correctly !! The virus survives in the latex for a long time !! So be careful!! You can carry it in the gloves !!;0
In the market, the cashier is wearing gloves? Demand that they change them before attending you or that washes his hands with antibacterial !! If he does not have it, kindly give it to him !! He may have been working with them all day and innocently transmitting the virus.;0
Use antibacterial gel all the time. But the most effective way is to wash your hands correctly !!;0
Mark the risk area inside your house, such as a space at the entrance of the house and do not trespass it without taking the appropriate measures.;0
Make chicken or bone soup. Prepare it over very low heat, to ensure that the bones release all the enzyme L-Lysine (Antiviral amino acid).;0
Gargle with salty water frequently 2 or 3 times a day. This alters the PH of your throat by alkalizing it creating an unfavorable state for the proliferation of the virus. This will give you about 36% of not getting it and a faster recovery if you were to contract the virus.;0
Take a teaspoon of coconut oil if you are not allergic. Coconut oil is a saturated fat that has a high percentage of lauric acid(It is an antiviral). Upon contact with the fat layer that surrounds the virus, it destroys it. Furthermore, this coconut oil is processed in the liver creating monolaurin an even more powerful antiviral.;0
If someone close or known to you was positive, don't wait for symptoms to appear. Maybe you already got the virus and are spreading it. Start taking action right away!;0
If you are in a possible chain of infection, do not panic, the personal doctor will tell you the best time to do the exam. If the test is done very early it can give negative and this is more dangerous. Start taking the measures suggested here !!;0
table;covid19_advice;rows;23
cvd19_main_view;Be careful at all times
covid_ad_001;How to properly wash your hands
covid_ad_002;When a person is careless can indirectly affect hundred and cause the death of many
covid_ad_003; Yes, the virus is invisible and can be there just waiting for you to get out. Stay home as long as you can!!
covid_ad_004;Health professionals are fighting a battle against death to save all those who belong to the risk group. Let's Help them !!
covid_ad_005;Would you go out if you could see it?
covid_ad_006;They cannot go home to keep their family safe while caring for those in need. That patient may be our relative!
covid_ad_007;We need to cooperate with each other to win this battle!!
covid_ad_008;This is how our health professionals end each day!! Do your part!!
covid_ad_009;Stay home as much as you can, avoid getting infected. Do not put your life or that of others at risk!!
covid_ad_010;They are the angels of our family and sick friends! Be responsible and take all possible measures to avoid increasing infections!
covid_ad_012;They are the shield that protect society. But they are insufficient when if the health system collapses!
covid_ad_013;These are the real superheroes! Let's applaud but let's do our part!
covid_ad_014;With love for the less healthy and intelligence, we can win this battle!!
covid_ad_015;Health professionals are struggling to free us from this pandemic. Let's do our part!!
covid_ad_016;If you are healthy and contract the virus and are spreading it without knowing it, you may be indirectly responsible for the death of those grandparents, parents, brothers who want to hug their relatives again!
covid_ad_017;At this very moment, there are more than 115,000 deaths!! Let's help health personnel stop those deaths!!
covid_ad_018;The risk group for this virus is high, the health personnel is insufficient to protect us all. Be responsible!!
covid_ad_019;This is a war of the whole society! Let's take all precautions, let's be aware and responsible!!
covid_ad_020;Keep the social distance, protect your loved ones, neighbors, friends!
covid_ad_021;Maintain social distance, if possible 3-4 meters!
covid_ad_022;keep your mouth and nose covered, if possible the eyes too. If you do not have the recommended covers, make it yourself from 100% cotton fabric!
covid_ad_023;If you don't cover your mouth and nose, even 3 meters is not enough!
table;covid19_video;rows;7
vd_001;vd_001;This is how a COVID-19 patient looks like. This patient could be you, a family member, friend, or neighbor. This patient also has a family !!;local
vd_002;vd_002;A suggestion of entry protocol to the house. You can improve this example !!;local
vd_003;vd_003;How many preventable deaths are acceptable to you each year?;local
vd_004;vd_004;This is how the virus spreads when we are not careful.;local
vd_005;vd_005;How to do the actions correctly to avoid contagion?;local
vd_006;vd_006;This is how we cut the chain of contagion when we stay at home.;local
vd_007;vd_007;This is how we cut the chain of contagion when we stay at home.;local